Deadlock-Free Verification of Inductive Invariant-Based Protocols with Parameters with Parameters mainly refers to cache coherence protocols.

The input file for the experiment is Murphi modeling of protocols.

Output file for IVy modeling of protocols and inductive invariants.

Program execution steps:

1. Starting the NuSMV server:

    ```
    cd /serverCe
    python server/server.py
    ```

2. Inductive invariants for obtaining agreements, take the mutualEx protocol as an example:

    ```
    python DLfree/auxinvPro.py [-p] ./protocols/mutualEx/mutualEx
    ```
    The -p parameter is optional, if you need to promote with parameters then use -p, if not no need to use the.

4. Verifying generalizability needs to be executed on a local VM with IVy, using the example of mutualEx:

    ```
    ivy_check mutualEx_prove.ivy
    ```



The **auxiliary invariants** generated by WiseParaVerifier are stored in `/protocols/mutualEx/mutualEx_invs.txt`.

The **inductive invariants** generated by the DLFVerifier are stored in `/protocols/mutualEx/mutualEx_prove.ivy`.

It is worth noting that when solving the auxiliary invariant, the number of nodes is usually set to 2 in the Murphi modeling file of the protocol, while in the case of the band reference promotion, it needs to be performed in the instance of the protocol with the number of nodes of 3. The invariant detection tool used in this experiment is NuSMV, and the reachable sets of the protocols are generated directly through NuSMV when solving the auxiliary invariant, and the reachable set of the NuSMV is generally generated through the The reachable set of NuSMV is usually generated by the .smv suffix file. The BMC of NuSMV is used for the promotion of band reference, and it does not need to solve the reachable set, but it needs the .smv file with the number of nodes of 3, which is named as largerN_mutualEx.smv (here take the MutualEx protocol as an example), therefore, if there is no such .smv file under the file path, then it is necessary to modify the Murphi node count and recompile to generate the .smv file and change the filename to largerN_mutualEx.smv in order to promote with reference.

Notes on individual folders:

1. The WiseParaVerifier folder holds the source program for the WiseParaVerifier tool.

    `invFinder.py` i.e. the main program to find auxiliary invariants.
    `concretedF.py` contains rules and invariants for instantiation, and a rewritten interface for constructing deadlock-free formulas.

2. The source program for this job is in DLfree.

   `auxinvPro.py` contains the WiseParaVerifier interface for promoting and calling. WiseParaVerifier with parameters.

4. The `protocols` contain various protocols and invariants.

5. `serverCe` is the server side of NuSMV.

6. `client.py` is the client for NuSMV.

7. `murphi.py` and murphiparser.py are compilation and conversion programs.

For a detailed tutorial on installing IVy please refer to the blog `<https://blog.csdn.net/yucici_/article/details/131151448?spm=1001.2014.3001.5501>`
